Doc 503 - Document Global URL (#370)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/api-docs/index.md

We currently have two ways in which you can interact with the API: the app API reference and the docs API reference.
The first way of using the REST API is the API reference in the GDN web browser interface (app API). Use the built-in API reference to run various calls and view their input and output.

> While you can run your API calls from our docs API reference, the second way of using the REST API is through your favorite IDE, terminal, or other interfaces (docs API).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run API calls from our docs API reference, or alternatively through your favorite IDE, terminal, or other interfaces (docs API).
```

In this section, pages describe how to:

- [Run API commands from the Macrometa app API reference](run-api-commands-app.md).
- [Run API commands from the Macrometa documentation API reference](run-api-commands-docs.md).

## API Authorization

You can use JSON web tokens (JWTs) or API keys to authorize API calls. We recommend using API keys.

To authorize your API call, you must prepend the appropriate prefix to your authorization token:

- JWT: `bearer <your-jwt>`
- API key: `apikey <your-api-key>`

## Unique Global URL vs. Generic

If you have a Macrometa Play account, then you can use the generic API server address: `https://api-play.paas.macrometa.io`. This address is used in most of our tutorials and getting started examples in the documentation.

However, for production apps, or any account that is not on the Play tier, you must use your unique global URL.

To find your unique API URL:

> 1. In your Macrometa account, switch to the geofabric that you want to run API calls against. This is the fabric that contains the collections, streams, or other entities that are the target of your API calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your Macrometa account, switch to the GeoFabric that you want to run API calls against. This is the fabric that contains the collections, streams, or other entities that are the target of your API calls.
```

We've been referring to geofabrics as "GeoFabrics," but that decision was made a while ago.  Off the top of my head i'm not sure how (or if) GeoFabrics are referred to in the GUI.

Author: In the GUI, they are Geo Fabrics. Ugh, drives me nuts.

2. Click **API Reference**.

   The base URL is shown at the top of the screen.

![API URL](/img/api-url.png)

> This is the same as the Global URL shown at the top of every geofabric page in the Macrometa web console with `api-` prepended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the same as the Global URL shown at the top of every GeoFabric page in the Macrometa web console with `api-` prepended.
```
